Milestone 2 showcases much of the utility that is planned for our Flight-Animal Impact dashboard, although more functionality and visualizations will be added in Milestone 3. Right now there are user inputs for Outcome Scope and Year Range. For clarity, Outcome Scope should be changed to Impact Severity. We should add another control that determines the grouping of the Panel D plot (Flight Phase, Time of Day, etc...). This will effectively add more possible plots that the user can chose to have displayed. The title for the controls sections should be updated from Filter Controls to Filters and Controls. We should add a Panel C plot to show a histogram of impact speeds/heights (another control can be be used to toggle between speed and height). With all these controls specific to single plots, perhaps it is better to have these controls immediately next to the plot? Right now there is too much whitespace in the dashboard between the plots, the plots can ben moved and resized to be closer together. Each plot should be the same size. The title of the dashboard does not need the word "Dashboard" in it so it should be removed.

We need more interaction between plots. This can be done by adding the ability to select bars from in the Panel A plot which represent specific species. Then the other plots can be filtered to only show impacts involving that species. To make selecting the bars easier, the bars should be wider. Instead of having a control to select the Year Range, perhaps it would be better to select the date range from the time series plot directly, so that one less control would be needed.

We also need a Key Statistics section. It would probably be best to have this is in the top right corner of the screen with large text so that the eye is naturally draw to it. It can also leverage colour coding to indicate statstics for specific impact severities to make them easy to distinguish. Some stats that should be included are Number of Incidents, Incidents that Caused Aircraft Damage, Incidents that Caused Injury, and Incidents that Caused Death. Note that not all impacts cause aircraft damage. We could also include stats for the maximum speed and height of incidents.

With these improvements, our dashboard will be have increased utility for making decisions on preventing flight-animal impacts, and it will have increase user-friendliness as well.